His Royal Highness can really brag
If you can solve it one day
I am a representative
Are all 10,000 journalists in my country all stupid pigs?
Soon you will know, right?
That could be the wise man of your army
It's a stupid pig indeed
How is this possible?
You didn't even use a stick of incense
How did he do it?
The national teacher can come to me to ask the question.
Your Highness the Crown Prince is so lucky
Let's ask the question first
Listen up. Astronomers are great at arithmetic.
Come and try my simple math problem
Now chickens and rabbits are in the same cage
There are 35 heads
There are ninety-four clans
Ask the chicken and rabbit geometry
No solution here
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Hahaha such a simple question
In the eyes of the imperial teacher, it turned out to be unsolvable
The answer is 2317.
12 rabbits
How is that possible?
Dead topic really has a sister
How can you be so wise?
It is clearly rumored that Wang Ling said that you are a prince who is ignorant
Yun Ninja violence
Yu Qian
Daxing Guoshi personally promised
Give 10,000 horse
Return 20% of the border
This is up to you